docs(html): Improve live examples for textarea element (#32796)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/textarea/index.md

### Basic example

> The following example shows a textarea with five rows and 15 columns, some default content, and CSS styles that prevent users resizing the element more than 500px wide and 130px high:

Author: Typo and reverting back to "a set number" 

```suggestion
The following example shows a textarea with a set numbers of rows and columns, some default content, and CSS styles that prevent users resizing the element more than 500px wide and 130px high:
```

> The following example shows a textarea with a set numbers of rows and columns, some default content, and CSS styles that prevent users resizing the element more than 500px wide and 130px high:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a textarea with a set number of rows and columns, some default content, and CSS styles that prevent users from resizing the element more than 500px wide and 130px high:
```

  placeholder="Comment text."></textarea>
```

```css
textarea {
  max-height: 130px;
  max-width: 500px;
}
```

#### Result

{{EmbedLiveSample('Example using "placeholder"')}}

> **Note:** Placeholders should only be used to show an example of the type of data that should be entered into a form; they are _not_ a substitute for a proper {{HTMLElement("label")}} element tied to the input. See [`<input>` labels](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#labels) for a full explanation.

### Disabled and readonly textareas

This example shows two `<textarea>`s — one is [`readonly`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/readonly) and one is [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/disabled).

> You cannot edit the contents of either elements, but the `readonly` element is focusable and its value is submitted in forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot edit the contents of either element, but the `readonly` element is focusable and its value is submitted in forms.
```
